13 February 2014: Draft 0.1

"ANARCHISM, a social philosophy that rejects authoritarian government and maintains that voluntary institutions are best suited to express man's natural social tendencies." (George Woodcock)

	Anarchies are governed by institutions like natural language rules and implicit social conventions.  This works well for everyday interaction, but not necessarily for large-scale or complex interactions, such as the sum of all fishing activities or coordinating the manufacturing facilities and supply chain for personal computers.  With the availability of immense computing power, and the use of modern mathematical and computational sciences, new and extended types of social structures are possible.
	As far as I'm concerned, anarchism as it applies to social interaction works perfectly well, and my aim here is not to argue one way or the other for anarchism.  For industrial, scientific, and economic processes, however, a more systemic mode of thinking is necessary.  These are goal-oriented processes, often holding critical importance in peoples' lives, which leave little room for subjective interpretation.  The efficacy and outcome of these processes are determined by how well their parameters incorporate timely and accurate data.  Using this idea, we can create mathematical and computational structures to entrain these large and growing processes onto a path where they can be effective without causing harm.  A system of such structures could be called a datarchy.
	One such example that already exists is the GNU/Linux project.  Development changes are made by a combination of use data, consensus decision, and third-party contributions.  This leads to a highly versatile, highly standardized, highly open, highly stable operating system.  The user can modify the system any way he or she feels is necessary, so older hardware can still run newer kernels or specific programs, rather than being told to pay for an upgrade.  Older versions of the kernel are available to download and modify, as well.  Kernel versions are generally released when they're in a ready state, not simply on a deadline, and bug fixes come much faster.  
	Thus, a datarchy distinguishes itself by its use of physically observable data to drive its decisions, rather than consensus of opinion or measures of subjective valuation.  Individuals in dominance systems like nationalism and capitalism thrive on information asymmetry, because it gives the information holder an advantage of other parties.  Though HP's computers have a strong reputation for failing immediately after its two-year warranty is up, HP does not readily disclose the expected lifespan of the computers, because they know that it would reduce their income.  Users in a datarchy can only benefit from sharing information, because products are distributed as free information, and thus the design of products becomes common heritage.
	The mythology of capitalism holds prices to be the ideal representation of value.  However, because capitalists hide the implementation details of their products to maintain higher bargaining power, it is disingenuous to claim that this can truly represent value.  Companies know a lot more about their products than they ever reveal, because it allows them to set higher prices and take risks that are more acceptable to them than the products' users.  A truly accurate valuation would be if users knew all design details, and thus could choose if they wish to omit safety feature X because it costs less.  What is even more mysterious in its implementation, yet makes up a huge part of the price of many products, is the nature of the capital and operation behind the products and services we use.  If it were common knowledge that the supply chain of diamonds is controlled to create artificial scarcity, or that many diamonds are mined by slaves, how valuable would they still be to a civilized person?  The Linux project is full of people who don't get along, who would never like one another as a person, but still they are able to work on the same product, without being "incentivized" or forced into their task.
	There are a few principles essential to datarchist organization.  The most important by far is the unity of data