Entry contract (EC) parameters:

	Organization type: 
		Nonprofit - The organization will remain/become a nonprofit.  Recommended for most organizations.
		Business - The organization will remain/become a business.  Recommended for organizations supporting tourism.
		Collective - The organization will remain/become a collective.
	
	Capital ownership: 
		VO-owned - Child organization's capital is held by the VO.  Recommended for committed businesses.
		Child organization-owned - Child organization's capital is maintained in its possession.  Recommended for nonprofits.
		Shared - Child organization's capital is shared by each organization in proportion X% and Y%.  Recommended for reluctant businesses.
		Rented - Child organization's capital is owned by one organization and rented to the other at $X/(unit).
	
	Employee status: 
		Employed by child - Employees remain employed by child organization.  Recommended for nonprofits.
		Volunteer to parent - Employees leave the child organization and volunteer as workers of the VO.
		Volunteer to clone - Employees leave the child organization and volunteer as workers of a nonprofit "clone" organization.  Recommended for committed businesses.
		Mixed - Employees reduce their hours on the clock by Y hr/wk to X hr/wk, and volunteer Y hr/wk to the parent or clone.  Recommended for reluctant businesses.
	
	Employee status change: 
		Keep - Employees will be kept for the initiation of the VO.
		Opt-in - Employees must opt-in to the status of employment change.  Not opting in is considered a resignation, or a reduction in hours.
		Opt-out - Employees must opt-out to the status of employment change.  Opting out is considered a resignation, or a reduction in hours.
		Drop - Employees will be terminated from the organization on initiation of the VO.
	
	Revenue share:
		Parent cost-only - Revenue to a VIAAC member is kept entirely, except to cover costs of the VIAAC.
		Profit-only - Revenue to a VIAAC member is kept to cover costs, and the profit given to the VIAAC.
		Parent - Revenue to a VIAAC member goes entirely to the VIAAC.
		Child - Revenue to a VIAAC member is kept entirely.
		
	Revenue use:
		Recruitment - Used to increase membership in the VIAAC.
		Capital - Used to obtain capital for the VIAAC.
		Wages - Used to pay individual members of the VIAAC.
	Duration: 
		VO failure - Contract will terminate on failure of the VO.
		Terminal - Contract will terminate after X years.
		Conditional - Contract will terminate after condition X.
	
	State changes: 
		Contract systems - A contract system or contract state machine (CSM) is a group of conditional contracts that interact with one another to form a sort of legal finite state machine.
		Performance measures - A contract condition based on the performance of the VIAAC, the VO, or a specific member organization.
		Interactive events - A contract condition based on the presence or action of a nearby VIAAC.

	Legalized proportion:
		Mostly legal - The VIAAC's behavior will be primarily programmed through contract systems.  Recommended for VIAACs with few devoted members.
		Mostly computational - The VIAAC's behavior will be primarily programmed into its supporting computer systems.  Recommended for VIAACs intended to be responsive or experimental.

Entry contract requirements:
	Legal consultation: The EC structure should, at some point, be examined by a lawyer to ensure its validity and evaluate whether or not there are types of laws that would invalidate it.
	EC building tool: A software tool that allows users to easily build ECs and plug in relevant laws from a database of previous progress. It should lower the barriers to entry for new, nearby VIAACs to be created.
	Recruitment strategy: A reliable strategy to convince organizations of the benefits of entering a VIAAC should be created.